Update team-meetings.md (#1470)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/How-We-Work/team-charter/team-meetings.md

- Be open and receptive to others' ideas and contributions.
- No meetings on Thursdays as much as possible
- Cameras on in retros and team happy hours / Cameras optional, but encouraged, in other meetings. Please be mindful that some team members work better by reading non-verbal communication of other team members.
- If there are action items that come out of a meeting, document and follow-up.
- Meeting notes should be stored in a [shared location](https://hhsgov.sharepoint.com/sites/TANFDataPortalOFA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7Bcbce2e75-17b2-4e70-b422-60d034fcd4af%7D&action=edit&wd=target%28General.one%7C76fa641e-4d01-436b-a079-42ae19270071%2FGeneral%20Links%7C38eda373-ae66-41ed-9d2d-e7b010d5b312%2F%29).

# Recurring Meetings 

## Standup 
- Goal: To inspect progress towards sprint goal and identify blockers
- Attendees: Core team 
- Facilitator: Valerie
- When: Daily 12pm-12:15pm EST and asynchronously on Thursdays and every other Tuesday when the team has sprint ceremonies
- Format: Each team member gives quick update to answer these questions 

>   - *What did you do yesterday that advances the sprint goal?* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Facilitator shares their screen and pulls up assigned tickets for each team member in the current sprint. 
  - *What did you do since the last standup that advances the sprint goals?* 
```

>   - *What are you doing today that advances the sprint goal?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - *What are you doing today that advances the sprint goals?*
```
